## Abstract
While a player participates in the game, the server needs to feed the player with information about the current state of the game world. In the meantime, the player should notify the server about their next move.

## General message structure
All messages are composed with JSON, where there are basic two fields required:
* type field: Message type name, should be string. This field should distinguish messages with different handlers.
* data field: Message data. This is where the message passes its data. Structure of the data is up to the message type to define

## Server to Client messages
### Welcome message
This message will feed the player client with general parameters and information about the game world.

#### type name: welcome
#### Message fields:
General players state - This message contains information about world and players that participate in the game. This information consists of:
* board_width: int, game board width
* board_height: int, game board height
* is_cyclic: bool, sets player abillity to move through board walls to the other side

### New Player message
A replay for a client who asked to create a new player for him. Creates a new player in the server.

#### type name: knockack
#### message fields:
The new player generated by the server.
* id: the id of the player in the server
* name: player name
* x: x location
* y: y location
* score: player score

### Update message
This message contains information about current game state. Such message should be sent repeatedly to players to help them to make decisions ingame.

#### type name: info
#### message fields:
* players: dictionary id keys and an object value that represent a single player, and contain the following fields:
  * id: the id of the player in the server
  * name: player name
  * x: x location
  * y: y location
  * score: player score

## Client to Server messagers
### New Player message
This message will ask the server to create a player object for the client. This message will be replayed with 'Knockack' from the server.

#### type name: knock
#### message fields:
* name: the name for the new player

### Player Move message
This message will ask the server to make a move with the player (the content for this should be generated by the user's bot).

#### type name: update
#### message fields:
* direction: the direction vector that represent the movment of the player
  * 0: the x vector for the movment (1, 0 or -1)
  * 1: the y vector for the movment (1, 0 or -1)
